README.md, before:

# Musica

A premium, modern single-page music discovery and streaming platform. Built with a focus on performance and high-fidelity audio experiences, delivering seamless streaming without the need for complex backend infrastructure.

<img width="5760" height="3240" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/15eb4a6e-18e3-47d3-99ba-885e6835695e" />

<img width="5760" height="3240" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f76029ec-ee6f-4696-bf21-f2e948a3a425" />

<img width="5760" height="3240" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/76d7c3b1-775e-4074-9e9c-cea452b8a114" />

## Features

- **Global Discovery**: Real-time integration with the iTunes Search API to fetch charts, new releases, and global search results.
- **Advanced Audio Engine**: Custom-built media player featuring track seeking, volume normalization, shuffle, and intelligent repeat modes.
- **Library Persistence**: Local-first architecture that saves your "Liked" songs and custom collections directly to the browser storage.
- **Playlist Studio**: Create and manage personal playlists with custom theme colors and a dedicated drag-and-drop edit interface.
- **Mobile-First UX**: 
  - Adaptive sidebar for desktop and intuitive bottom navigation for mobile.
  - Expandable full-screen mobile player.
  - Context-aware menus (right-click/long-press) for rapid library management.
- **Tech Stack**: Vanilla JavaScript (ES6+), CSS3 (Variables & Grid), HTML5, iTunes API.

## Developer

Built by **Adilet Batyrov**.

- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/adilet-batyrov/)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/adiletbtrv)

## Getting Started

1.  Clone the repository.
2.  Install dependencies:
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```
3.  Run the development server:
    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```

Commit message:

Update getting started instructions in README
Removed installation and server run instructions, added browser launch step.

README.md, after:

# Musica

A premium, modern single-page music discovery and streaming platform. Built with a focus on performance and high-fidelity audio experiences, delivering seamless streaming without the need for complex backend infrastructure.

<img width="5760" height="3240" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/15eb4a6e-18e3-47d3-99ba-885e6835695e" />

<img width="5760" height="3240" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f76029ec-ee6f-4696-bf21-f2e948a3a425" />

<img width="5760" height="3240" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/76d7c3b1-775e-4074-9e9c-cea452b8a114" />

## Features

- **Global Discovery**: Real-time integration with the iTunes Search API to fetch charts, new releases, and global search results.
- **Advanced Audio Engine**: Custom-built media player featuring track seeking, volume normalization, shuffle, and intelligent repeat modes.
- **Library Persistence**: Local-first architecture that saves your "Liked" songs and custom collections directly to the browser storage.
- **Playlist Studio**: Create and manage personal playlists with custom theme colors and a dedicated drag-and-drop edit interface.
- **Mobile-First UX**: 
  - Adaptive sidebar for desktop and intuitive bottom navigation for mobile.
  - Expandable full-screen mobile player.
  - Context-aware menus (right-click/long-press) for rapid library management.
- **Tech Stack**: Vanilla JavaScript (ES6+), CSS3 (Variables & Grid), HTML5, iTunes API.

## Developer

Built by **Adilet Batyrov**.

- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/adilet-batyrov/)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/adiletbtrv)

## Getting Started

1.  Clone the repository.
2.  Open index.html in your preferred browser to launch the app instantly.
